{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DESIGN DOCUMENT\
-proof of concept-\
\
Real time text adventure\
Single player MUD\
\
Feature List:\
Quests\
Dialogues with choices\
Items\
Weapons\
Zones\
Dark rooms\
\
Design choice:\
Quests will be implemented through dialogue cutscenes, so to speak, rather than real time logic interactions.\
\
\
Commands:\
east\
west\
north\
south\
open\
use / wield\
remove\
get\
attack\
talk\
look\
\
\
\
THE KING OF GOBLIN FOREST\
\
Available characters:\
Tom Finkdorf\
Esma Blargle\
Goward Rotchest\
Frannie Beet\
\
he she it\
\
\
Grassland\
Player starts in grassland. Two rooms.\
One room has carrots and a shovel +1 something. And also potatoes that heal.\
The other has quest giver. QG wants two carrots. Quest completed -> opens fence to north. New exit: north\
\
Goblin forest\
Goblins run around, will fight.\
One room has wise old man. \'94The goblin king can only be defeated by someone wearing the ring of blah blah\'94\
One room dark. When using lantern can find ring.\
One room with super strong spider. You can die for sure here.\
One room has goblin king. Defeating the goblin king leads to victory scene.\
\
Victory scene: Long lost father emerges from cage behind goblin king. \'94Frannie, I am your father!\'94\
\'94But my name is Esma\'85\'94\
\'94Dad, I love you!\'94\
\'94Yep.\'94\
\
\
}
